[Music]
ten traps in stores that make you pay
more how often do you make unnecessary
purchases in a supermarket we bet the
answer is every day however you're
usually forced to buy useless things
with a whole set of tricks here are the
most common traps marketing experts use
to boost sales and get as much of your
money as possible number 10 in
convenient checkouts
more than 60% of people put back
unnecessary purchases in the checkout
line to prevent customers from doing
this manufacturers don't put any shelves
on checkout areas and make them
incredibly narrow
[Music]
in this case you can't remove
unnecessary things from your cart and
put them anywhere remember that if
you've changed your mind you can give
all the things you don't need to a
cashier there is nothing to be ashamed
about number nine
rest without a rest food courts are
meant for you to relax and have a snack
before continuing your shopping however
you won't be able to spend much time
eating uncomfortable seats little space
between the tables and noise all do
their job this trick helps shopping
malls keep people browsing the stores
and have a constant flow of customers
[Music]
number eight no windows no clocks it's
common knowledge that casinos have no
windows or clocks
so people lose their sense of reality
and spend a lot of time and money there
shopping malls borrowed this trick to do
just the same are you familiar with a
situation where you run to a store for
only 10 minutes but spend an hour there
and then you know what we're talking
about
number 7 cozy shops all passageways in
the malls are brightly lit and there's
always loud music that is amplified and
echoed by the floor tiling
[Music]
but as soon as you enter any of the
stores the floors and lights become
softer and the music is suddenly calm
and pleasant all this creates a feeling
of comfort and makes you stay longer in
the shop sometimes the whole day number
six
clever fitting room mirrors sad as it is
fitting room mirrors are made
specifically to make us look slimmer and
taller some lingerie stores for example
add pink pigment to their mirrors to
make the skin look tan why does this
trick work the more we like ourselves
and some clothes the more likely we'll
buy them yeah a friend of mine bought a
weird pair of jeans last week because of
this Trek don't let them fool you think
twice before buying number five
rearranging goods if you buy your stuff
at the same store for a certain time you
know exactly where everything is you
move straight to your mark without
looking around when the store shuffles
the goods you feel like you're lost in a
desert you have to search for what you
need filling your cart along the way and
that's what the stores are aiming for
number four thought-out lighting
everyone knows the best bananas are
those of a certain tenth of yellow this
also applies to other fruits and
vegetables and shop owners know this
well the issue of imperfect colors is
solved with lighting the right light can
make any Goods look much better number
three
artificial demand let's take Juice
shelves for an example ever notice those
empty spaces between the cartons we tend
to think it's because the juice is
popular as it's so good and we take it
for granted alas most of the time it's
the store employees who remove the juice
from the shelves to create the
appearance of high demand tricky one but
it always works number two
manipulation based on lack of confidence
mirrors outside the fitting rooms play
an important role in sales if a person
is not too confident or just doesn't
look great their reflection will remind
them of that this trick makes us buy
something new to feel better keep in
mind that you don't need a new dress or
t-shirt to stay as perfect as you
already are number one playing contrasts
there are two kettles with similar
characteristics on the same shelf but
one of them cost $79.99 and the other is
$99.99 the cheap one will sell well and
the more expensive one will go almost
unsold why is that well we often don't
think of the real value of things we
just want to get a great bargain spend
some time thinking about the products
features don't be fooled by price tags
now have you ever been caught by any of
these traps do you know any other ones
share them in the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life